= Rails3ActsAsLicensable

== Installation

Clone the Rails3ActsAsLicensable Engine from GitHub.

  git clone git://github.com/drn05r/rails3_acts_as_licensable.git

In the application using the engine add the following line to the Gemfile (assuming the engine is cloned to the same parent directory as the application):
  
  gem 'rails3_acts_as_licensable' :path => "../rails3_acts_as_licensable"

Again, in application using the engine add the following line before the final 'end' in config/routes.rb.

  mount Rails3ActsAsLicensable::Engine => "/"

Run the following line from the root directory of the application using the engine, answering yes to any prompted questions.

  rails generate rails3_acts_as_licensable


== Making Classes Licensable

Add the following line at the beginning of the model files you want to be licensable.

  include rails3_acts_as_licensable/licensable

Add the following line inside the class declaration of the model files you want to be licensable.

  acts_as_licensable

Then migrate the database.

  rake db:migrate


== Configuring Licenses

By default this module provides the 6 Creative Commons licenses as describe at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/ as well as the CC0 Public Domain license describe at http://creativecommons.org/choose/zero/.  

If you wish to add additional licenses you will need to edit the rails3_acts_as_licensable.yml file in your application's config directory before migrating the database.  You will also need to edit the appropriate locales files in the application using the engine's config/locales directory.  Currently English and German locales are provided.

By default the license_icon_url helper function in app/helpers/rails3_acts_as_licensable/application_helper.rb provides license icions of the size 88x31 pixels. If you wish to use icoms of a different size you must specify this in the second parameter.  Other valid sizes include 80x15 and 88x15, see http://i.creativecommons.org/l/ to see what icon sizes are provided for the licenses you intend to use.  For consistency the license_icon_size parameter can be set in the application using the engine's config/rails3_acts_as_licensable.yml and this will be used by the /licenses and /licenses/:id pages.

